**
You're welcome.
(money rustling)
Hey, Jamie.
Hey, how's it going?
It's going okay.
Hey, uh--
Please don't.
Please don't
do it.
Just...
please don't make me say
no to you all nice and--
Just don't ask, okay?
I just don't--
I don't wanna...
live that right now.
Okay, I--
I--
Dude, you gotta stop
asking everybody out.
Can't ask everybody.
You think people
like saying no?
Takes its toll.
Sorry.
Louie?
Hey, Jerry, what's up?
Hey, what are you
doing tomorrow night?
Tomorrow night?
Yeah, I'm doing a benefit
out in East Hampton.
You know, Long Island?
Yeah, no, I--
Yeah, see Tom Papa was
supposed to do it,
but he got sick,
he can't do it.
Could you do it?
You just gotta do like ten
minutes in front of me.
Yeah, sure, yes.
Really?
It's at 5:00, a place called
The Carlyle in East Hampton.
Can you get
yourself there?
Yes, I can do
that, sure.
Really, can--
Yeah.
Can you work clean?
Clean?
Yeah, can you not
curse, can you not...
say dirty, sex,
poop, dogs having
sex with vagina dirt?
Yeah, I can avoid
that stuff, yes.
Okay.
All right.
This'll be good,
this'll be good.
There's no money,
it's a benefit.
But, you know, these--
these things can be good.
I think it'll be
good for you.
Okay, I'm in, sure.
Okay, 5:00 show time.
All right, 5:00.
Carlyle.
East Hampton.
Show starts at 5:00.
Yeah.
Okay, yeah.
Okay
What's it, uh,
what's-- who are the...
It's, uh...
The benefit?
Uh.
It's heart disease.
Ah, okay, good.
Yeah.
It's good.
You know, wanna...
not have that.
Clean jokes.
Chickens...
are...
Chickens are dumb.
Chickens are stupid.
**
Oh, shit.
(woman singing in French)
(cameras clicking)
Excuse me.
This is
a private affair.
I'm, uh, entertaining,
I'm a performer
on the sh-- show.
Are you the drummer?
No, I'm a comedian.
I'm opening
for Jerry.
You're opening for
Mr. Seinfeld?
Yeah, I'm on first,
I'm the--
Oh.
Oh, God, Louie,
what the--
I didn't know,
I didn't know.
Benefit, Hamptons.
Come on, Louie, it's in
the manual, and you're late.
No, it's 5:00.
Five--
Come on.
You said 5:00.
Who are all these people?
I don't-- they
look like celebrities
but I don't recognize
any of them.
These are
the billionaires
and trillionaires
of Hampton Beach.
There are
trillionaires now?
Yeah.
Hey, can you
help me out?
What do you need?
Get-- let me
have your jacket.
Here you go.
Thank you.
Here, put this on.
It's got badges on
it and stuff.
You're fine,
just put it on.
It's a security--
Start the show.
(distant chatter)
Are you gonna
introduce me?
No, you're gonna
introduce me.
That is why
you're here, okay?
You go on, just do a few
minutes and bring me up.
Sorry, uh...
It's pretty simple.
All right, hit
the lights, let's get started.
What's even the name
of the charity--
It doesn't matter.
I don't know what
the charity is, is--
Mhm.
Just go out
there, Louie.
(silverware clanking)
(scattered applause)
Good evening, uh--
Uh, hi, there, good-- thank you
very much, thank you, uh...
Give yourselves, uh,
a great time for
coming out, um--
Give yourselves a round--
(scattered applause)
Coming out,
good job for you guys.
Uh, hey, it's
cold outside.
I mean, it wasn't--
I mean, it was, uh, pretty warm.
I don't know.
It's crazy.
(woman laughing)
Uh...
Do you ever--
(clearing throat)
Chickens are dumb, right?
(woman giggling)
They don't even... how long have
we been eating chickens
and they don't get--
they're not
a little wary at this point,
they don't-- haven't risen up.
There's been no
Martin Luther Chicken?
(woman laughing)
If there was
one of those...
Um, you know, you know when you
go to the, uh, supermarket?
Not that any of you
would ever
do your own
shopping, uh...
I know you guys don't shop
for yourselves...
(woman laughing)
Of course, um...
Because you all have,
um, slaves somehow still.
(woman laughing)
Uh, no, I mean, uh, you know,
peop-- I just mean,
people that work for you
who, duh, you all don't pay.
(woman laughing)
Um... you came-- this is your...
Your soul
laundering service.
(woman laughing)
Great, huh?
Great to--
thank you for, um...
It's good that you guys
came out for the...
(people whistling)
Great, all right.
All right, I'm gonna go ahead--
I am gonna go ahead
and bring on your headliner.
This is a great, uh, man,
we're all very
excited to see him.
Please, a nice, warm welcome for
the great Jerry Seinfeld,
Ladies and gentlemen.
(cheering and applause)
Thank you.
Thank you, Louie.
That was pretty much a total
disaster, wasn't it?
I don't think I've ever seen
anybody do worse than that.
But, uh, we
thank you for coming.
Especially since
we're here to raise money for
the World Heart Alliance.
(applause)
I think if we had the choice of
heart disease
or watching
any more of Louie,
we might pick the disease.
(crowd laughing)
Anyway, he did a pretty good
job, certainly dressed well.
I really liked his jacket,
he certainly, uh...
seems ready for his
next line of employment,
it looked like to me.
Some sort of minimum wage
security work, anyway...
Um, I have a lot of, uh...
I have a lot of friends that
play golf.
They like golf,
I don't play golf.
Um, golfers will tell you that
it's a very challenging game.
That's the one thing
that they can tell you.
It's very challenging.
I'm quite sure that it
is challenging.
It's also challenging
trying to throw a Tic Tac
100 yards into a shoebox,
that's also challenging.
But we don't do it.
(sighing)
(yelling) Shit!
Chickens are--
(paper crumpling)
(woman)
Hey!
You were just
up there!
What's that?!
You were just
up there!
(laughing) Oh, my God.
That was hysterical!
You--
You must've be the one
that was laughing.
Yes, I was dying.
I'm glad I was, uh,
good for somebody.
No, you were awful.
That's why
it was so funny.
Sorry?
(screaming) You were awful!
Thank you.
No, I mean, you
were just wrong.
You were very wrong
for this crowd.
I could see it
the second
that you walked out,
I mean...
(laughing)
The whole thing was
just such a train wreck.
(chuckling)
It made my week.
I mean, if you only knew
what assholes these
people really are
and the fact that
they all hated you
makes you my hero.
I-- I can't really,
I can't really hear
anything you're saying.
What?!
I can't really hear
what you're saying,
but thank-- thank you.
Nice to meet you.
(car starting)
(engine revving)
(horn honking)
Come on.
Excuse me?
**
(engine revving)
(woman singing in French)
What's your name?
What?!
What's your name?!
I like your hair!
Thank you, thanks.
Thank you.
(imitating Elvis)
Thank you very much, thank you.
(laughing)
(engine revving)
(man and woman
singing in French)
Is this your house?
(Louie)
Should I--
Excuse me?
Excuse--
Oh, my God, what
a beautiful night!
(Louie)
Isn't it always
beautiful here?
Yes, but I never notice,
I hate it here.
Tonight, I love it!
Because I'm laughing.
Whoo!
Wait, don't--
(exhaling)
Come on,
let's go inside.
(exhaling)
Ah.
(shoes squeaking)
(Louie)
Sorry.
Uh.
(chuckling)
Is this your house?
This is cra--
this is crazy.
I know. (chuckling)
(exhaling)
Is that your father?
Yeah... (chuckling)
He walked on the moon.
(clearing throat)
(deep voice)
He, uh, he walked on the moon.
Oh.
(chuckling)
Well, so what--
then what did he do?
(laughing)
Exactly.
(exhaling)
(nervous cough)
You're, uh,
just wearing underwear.
I mean, you don't
have any--
Can you tell me
where the towels are
so I could get you--
A towel?
Mm.
Do you want me to--
Um...
Just--
I think you should--
you could put some...
You could just...
please let me...
Just-- okay, I...
I'm just surprised.
**
Are you okay?
Yeah.
Yeah, no,
I guess-- yes.
Very okay.
This is, okay-- yes.
(chuckling)
I just don't--
you know, the thing is,
I don't generally...
do the whole--
I mean, it's not--
(chuckling)
Just like a very beautiful
astronaut's daughter...
Model.
Model, okay, let's
throw that in there.
Model...
Kind of people,
type of person,
doesn't usually take me
home and have sex with me.
It's not my usual--
it's not how I roll.
Um-hmm.
Well, maybe it's
not really happening.
(chuckling)
You're very weird,
you're very weird.
What, you make me laugh.
I don't think you
appreciate
how gold that is.
Well, if everybody
I made laughed at this,
then my penis would
be sore all the time.
(laughing)
I would have-- I would need
skrin-- skin grafts.
(laughing)
I would need to
exfoliate... often.
(laughing)
And I'd need a whole regimen of
penis overuse, um, therapy.
(laughing)
What makes you laugh?
Me, what makes me laugh?
Um...
I can't remember.
You don't look like
you laugh a lot.
I don't?
I wonder if I could
make you laugh
the way that
you do for me.
That would be nice.
What if I...
tickle you.
Don't-don't-
don't-don't.
Don't, don't.
Oh, someone's ticklish.
Stop it,
please stop it.
Oh, you're gonna get it.
Please, stop it,
please, stop it.
Oh, you're gonna get it.
Please, stop it,
I'm being serious.
I'm being
really serious.
Please, stop it.
Please don't do that,
that's upsetting, I'm not--
(woman laughing)
Don't!
(loud thwack)
(siren blaring)
Can you help me?
So you went home with a girl
from the benefit.
You had sex with her.
You punched her
in the face
and now she's
in the hospital.
Yeah, now the police
are here.
And now you're calling me.
Well, I thought, maybe
you could come by because, uh,
I know that you're...
you're here.
Can you come,
can you come here?
Louie, tell yourself the story
where I come down there
and get in
the middle of that.
Where I show my face
and say, "Hey, you know
the guy who punched the girl,
"who's now in
critical condition,
he's with me, just so
you know."
Is that story working?
No.
Oh, Louie, why--
why did you hit her?
She was tickling me.
Oh, right.
Okay, here's
what I'm gonna do.
I'm gonna give you
a phone number.
Call this guy,
don't talk to me, Louie
'cause I can't hear you.
He's a lawyer.
Talk to him.
Okay.
Where is this guy?
That guy?
Oh, shit.
Hey, listen, I didn't--
Son of a--
(man) Hey, hey, take it easy.
(man)
Don't do it.
Don't do it,
don't do it.
Cuff him.
Put your hands
on my daughter.
Take it easy,
relax already.
(man)
You're cuffing me,
cuff him!
Ah.
Let's go.
(door opening)
Okay.
Here's where we are.
First, can I-- can
I just ask you,
um, how is she,
I mean, is she okay?
Nobody will tell me.
The girl, I don't
know how--
Blake?
Yeah.
She's gonna be okay.
Generally,
uh, I mean,
she has some serious
damage to her eye.
Oh, Jesus.
Like some permanent damage.
to her vision.
Oh, God.
And her pupil
is paralyzed.
Oh, my God.
And she's a
professional model so,
that's not good.
Oh, my God.
Okay. (clearing throat)
Okay, well,
here's the deal.
Her family, they're
very upset, and...
These are not
people you wanna upset.
Yeah, I know.
Oh, your nose is nothing.
These people are very, um,
let me put it this way.
Nobody knows
you're here right now
and nobody knows
what happened,
and they wanna
keep it that way.
Okay.
So you're not, at this
time, being charged.
Okay.
But that's up to
them to keep it that way.
They're not gonna let you walk
out of here without some...
they want compensation
for damages.
They-- they wanna sue me?
They want compensation.
Well, they're-- I mean,
they're rich
and I don't have
anything so what...
It's not that simple.
See, people are under
the misconception
that the rich
can't sue the poor.
They can, they want
you to pay.
How much?
They're asking for ten.
I think we can get
them to five.
Five?
Million.
I-- I don't have that,
I don't have--
I'll never
have that so...
You're gonna be
making payments to them.
Payments?
I believe I can get them to
agree to 5,000 per month.
5,000?
But how is this--
how is this possible?
This was an accident.
If we took this to
trial with the lawyers
and the influence
that they have,
it would be easy to imagine
a case of
criminal negligence.
How?
You were naked in a bed
with a stranger.
You took that
responsibility.
People do that.
You didn't know this person
and yet you were
as intimate with her
as if she was your wife.
And you didn't
know her name,
and she didn't know that you
were violently ticklish.
I'm just telling you
where this is headed.
Wait a minute,
because this is--
she was there, too.
I mean, she did-- she made
the same choice to do it so
she's at least 50
percent responsible.
Which is why I think I can get
it to five million.
**
That is the worst story
I've ever heard
in my entire life.
Oh, my God.
(laughing)
Oh, my God!
So you have to pay her--
you have to pay them $5,000
for the rest of
your life?
(laughing)
Oh, my God.
(clearing throat)
Do you want
a drink?
Yeah, sure.
All right, don't
go anywhere,
I'm gonna get us
a drink, okay?
Okay.
All right.
I'll be
right back, okay.
Okay.
(woman singing in French)
**
(record scratching)